Instructor: Welcome back. In this step,
we are going to update the external DNS Kubernetes manifest.
So let's go to our visual studio code here,
and we are in 0806 deploy external DNS on EKS
and we have the Kubernetes Kube manifest folder.
And inside that we have 01 deploy external DNS.yaml.
And this is the external DNS related Kubernetes manifest.
And inside this, we are going to update the IM role here,
whatever the role we are in we have created.
So we can update it.
So let's go back here.
And so this is the role (indistinct), right?
So let me copy it and come back here and add it here.
And now the next thing, right?
So let's come back here,
and if you see change one line number nine,
IAM role update is completed,
and we'll go to line number 56-- 55 and 56,
and then comment them.
We used EKS CTL to create the IAM role and attach it
the allow external DNS updates policy.
So we didn't use Kiam or kube2iam,
so we didn't need to add these two lines.
So these things are not required here
in line 55 and then 56, right?
So let's come back here. Where is it?
So these things are commented here
because we are not using any Kiam or kube2iam tools here
and now in this, right?
So if you see here, this is the deployment specification.
So if you go top, so this is the
service account related Kubernetes manifest,
and these are related to cluster role,
and then cluster role bindings related external DNS things.
And now here you'll find the external DNS deployment
related Kubernetes manifest.
And inside that in the pod template specification
you are using the service account name as external DNS,
and containers, you are using k8s.gcr.io
So whatever the latest external DNS pod version available...
So, we are taking today, which is as on today
V0.10.2 is the latest.
So we are using this. And, in future, if it changes...
So, you can change the version here accordingly.
And in addition to that as part of change three
if you come back here to the documentation, right?
So line 65 and 67 commented here.
So what exactly that means?
So this is a very important step.
So 65 and 67 were commented and inside those things
you'll find something called domain filter ex.
So if you want to filter your domain, so currently
I remove the domain filter or I commented it
which means this external DNS is applicable
to all the hosted zones available in my AWS Route 53.
So if you go back here
and go to route 53 service here or let me go from here
and go to route 53 and you'll find lot
of domains available here for me in the hosted zones.
So you can see here all Cloud Guru DevOps
in CloudStack simplified Terraform Guru.
So like there are multiple domains available here,
and for all these domains, right?
So this external DNS can update, delete, create,
-: -inside that, the DNS records.
But if you want to do only for specific domains,
-: -so, you can filter those domains
and only provide those domains.
Example, if you want to provide only
for Stacksimplify.com, then you can provide
for Stacksimplify.com like that, okay?
So matching provider domain,
omit it, o-- omit to process all available hosted zones.
So I omitted it or commented it so that it is,
it'll process all the available hosted zones for me.
So I commented it and in the same way,
this is another important setting
which is policy absurd only, right?
If you see here policy absurd only.
So when you enable this, right?
What happens is it'll be able to create the DNS
but it'll not be able to delete the DNS.
So would prevent external DNS from deleting any regards.
So omit to enable full synchronization.
So which means if you commend this
then this path policy absurd only when you comment it
which means whenever you create an ingress service and then
there you have the external DNS annotation related DNS name,
so it'll go ahead and then create it.
So whenever you delete that ingress service,
then automatically the record
inside route 53 also will get deleted.
So for full synchronization, comment this part.
So, accordingly I have commented it, but
if you want the external DNS to only create the DNSs,
but it should not delete them at that point,
un-comment this, right?
And that is not going to be a full synchronization
and AWS zone type, only look at public hosted zones
and valid values are public, private are no value for both.
So these are the things available for us.
-: -additional setting for us. And registry type is txt,
txt owner IDs, my hosted zone, identify some identifier
you can put it.
So these are the things you need to pass to the external DNS
pod as an argument so that it will take those things.
And if you see here, it'll take the source
as a service or a source as a ingress.
So which we have discussed here, right?
So if you go back here and see this, right?
So your source can be, means like, your ingress service.
Y--Your source can be, means like...
the Kubernetes manifest can be a ingress service
or a regular Kubernetes service of type load balancer.
So that what happens is those can go ahead and then
create the route 53 record automatically by external DNS
whenever you provide this respective annotation.
So this is good. So now we have successfully reviewed this.
And another important thing:
You will have something here is the image name.
So get the latest docker image name so you can click on this
and get a latest docker image name available and use it.
So as on today it is V 0 10 0 2 available latest.
So that's what we have updated here in our container's name.
And then in image name we have updated this.
So in our next lecture, we are going to go ahead
and then deploy this external DNS.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye. Thank you.